[Doc] Add documentation for the Menu component (#7907)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Layout.md

| `appBar`    | Optional | `Component` | -        | A React component rendered at the top of the layout                   |
| `className` | Optional | `string`    | -        | Passed to the root `<div>` component                                  |
| `error`     | Optional | `Component` | -        | A React component rendered in the content area in case of error       |

> | `sidebar`   | Optional | `Component` | -        | A React component rendered at the side of the screen                  |

Author: Even if the `sidebar` prop exists, I see no reason to use it, so let's make it a private API. `menu`, on the other side, is the preferred way to set a custom menu, so it should be documented.

};
```

## `menu`

Lets you override the menu.

```jsx
// in src/Layout.js
import { Layout } from 'react-admin';

import { MyMenu } from './MyMenu';

export const Layout = (props) => <Layout {...props} menu={MyMenu} />;
```

You can create a custom menu component using [react-admin's `<Menu>` component](./Menu.md):

```jsx
// in src/MyMenu.js
import * as React from 'react';

> import { DashboardMenuItem, Menu, MenuItemLink } from 'react-admin';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Menu } from 'react-admin';
```

import BookIcon from '@mui/icons-material/Book';
import ChatBubbleIcon from '@mui/icons-material/ChatBubble';
import PeopleIcon from '@mui/icons-material/People';
import LabelIcon from '@mui/icons-material/Label';

export const MyMenu = () => (
    <Menu>
        <Menu.DashboardItem />
        <Menu.Item to="/posts" primaryText="Posts" leftIcon={<BookIcon />}/>
        <Menu.Item to="/comments" primaryText="Comments" leftIcon={<ChatBubbleIcon />}/>
        <Menu.Item to="/users" primaryText="Users" leftIcon={<PeopleIcon />}/>
        <Menu.Item to="/custom-route" primaryText="Miscellaneous" leftIcon={<LabelIcon />}/>
    </Menu>
);
```

> But you don't have to use react-admin-s `<Menu>` component. In fact, the `<Layout menu>` component can render anything you like, e.g. using [MUI's `<Menu>` component](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-menu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But you don't have to use react-admin's `<Menu>` component. In fact, the `<Layout menu>` component can render anything you like, e.g. using [MUI's `<Menu>` component](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-menu/).
```
